0.  JPEG- 16 million PNG- 256 trillion GIF- 256  BMP- 16 million colours are supported by the respective file formats.
1.  the GIF format supports animation.
2.  lossy compression involves redcution in quality as is the case with JPEG files. lossless compression does not reduce the quality
    of images as is the case with GIF files.                            
3.  the JPEG format is lossy-compressed.
4.  when a file is deleted on a FAT system, the meta data pointing to the file location is simply rewritten. the file is
    renamed and the clusters indicating the file are moved to a list of free clusters, but the actual data is not deleted.
5.  using programmes that rewrite zeroes, gutmann patterns and DoD specs on the disk can ensure (with high probability) that the 
    disk data cannot be recovered.
6.  stdint.h allows us to specify macros, new integer types and the number of bits used to store numerical values in them.
7.  unitN_t allows us to designate unsigned integers with a width of N bits.
8.  BYTE- 1 byte DWORD- 4 bytes LONG- 4 bytes WORD- 2 bytes
9.  the first two bytes of a bmp file must represent ASCII BM to identify it as a BMP file, in hexa- decimal it is given by 0x42 0x4D
10. bfSize stores the size in bits of the BITMAOFILEHEADER while the biSize stores teh size in bits of the BITMAPINFOHEADER.
11. biHeight specifies the vertical length of a BMP image, so a negative biHeight is invalid and will probably not allow the
    programme to function or the image to be generated.
12. biBitCount specifies teh BMP's colour depth.
13. fopen will return a NULL if outfile cannot be created. this can occur if the disk has no space to create the file.
14. the third argument in fread specifies the number of elements of given file size to be read, since we are reading custom
    defined structs where one struct contains all the information about one pixel we only read the the file one struct at a time.
15. 1
16. fseek finds the postion of the first padding in the line. 
17. SEEK_CUR returns the current position of the cursor in a file that has been opened.
18. 
